As a Data Analytics consultant, you will constantly need to use your analytical and communication skills. You will be challenged to surpass yourself and can assume a wide range of responsibilities. You will be collaborating with colleagues from your own team and other PwC teams, allowing you to develop in your own discipline and exchange expertise. New consultants at Data Analytics participate in the Consulting Traineeship Programme, a two-year programme in which your personal development is an important part As a Data-Analytics consultant, you want to grow, develop relationships, make an impact and pursue your maximum potential, as well as that of your colleagues. The ideal candidate for this junior position You have graduated in Econometrics, Mathematics or a related study programme from a university with good results You have communicative and commercial qualities You combine clear communication and technical knowledge, and can therefore offer added value to clients, no matter their own analytical skills You are an ambitious team player who enjoys producing quality You have a good command English (written and spoken). The Dutch language is preferred You will be a member of the Data Analytics team where you will use your analytical skills to devise practical solutions to complex problems in the public, commercial and financial sectors. Your tasks consist of business modelling, risk management, financial risk management, process optimisation (including Lean Six Sigma), executive decision support, performance management, data management, customer analytics, predictive analytics and corporate intelligence As a Data Analytics consultant, you will be working in a dynamic team with a passion for the disciplines they studied at university: Econometrics, Statistics and/or Mathematics. The combination of your and our expertise means we are able take complex problems and issues and deliver practical advice and insights that allow us to work with the clients to produce innovative solutions and superior results Your career is yours. You decide. We offer you the opportunities for a challenging job that matters. To get the maximum out of yourself. To build trust in society and contribute to solving important problems. Besides this, you will be coached intensively and there is space for your own ambition and personal choices. We offer access to a worldwide network enabling you to exchange knowledge, ideas and questions with experienced professionals in your own area and other disciplines. Our terms of employment focus on your growth and work/life balance. This is what you can expect from us Extensive coaching with a focus on your personal development Excellent education and (international) training opportunities Flexible working An open culture in which you can practice with giving and receiving feedback Opportunities to work abroad to gain international experience Play an important role in helping our clients with trending topics such as finance transformation and emerging technology adoption A large variety of team events The opportunity to contribute to several internal projects such as Corporate responsibility, several specific networks, diversity, innovation and/or recruitment iPhone, laptop and lease car / car scheme 32 vacation days